Forwarder: Additional target lambdas (#335)
DataDog/datadog-serverless-functions: aws/logs_monitoring/README.md

- `VPCSecurityGroupIds` - Comma separated list of VPC Security Group Ids. Used when AWS PrivateLink is 
    enabled.
- `VPCSubnetIds` - Comma separated list of VPC Subnet Ids. Used when AWS PrivateLink is enabled.

> - `AdditionalTargetLambdaARNs` - Comma separated list of lambda ARNs that will get called asynchronously with the same data the forwarder receives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AdditionalTargetLambdaARNs` - Comma separated list of Lambda ARNs that will get called asynchronously with the same `event` the Datadog Forwarder receives.
```
